You still have too little experience later,
If he really is the marshal's parking space,
The marshal dared to help him again.
How could he end up like this?
Come to our book, this illusion,
He really has some small contributions.
Plus luck, the marshal below is also lucking out,
But in this case, you have to be a good person,
Marshal's affairs,
Once the work is done.
He's afraid that he'll be with me on his butt.
He was packed full weight
I don’t even dare to take it easy
How is he the same?
But when you come, don’t leave your feet alone.
That's hard to say
Didn't he say that before?
He has a close relationship with the chef
It's about the contract, right?
Still have money
Facilities in Beicheng are tight.
Do you still want to find us at home?
Just to make you remember?
We don't have it
It seems like you were hooked by this piece of trash.
It is difficult to get contracts at every level
Those are the functions of joy and sorrow